phase3/client/view/setting/privacy/ChangePassFormListener.java
 phase3.client.view.setting.privacy.ChangePassFormListener
phase3/client/listener/StringListener.java
 phase3.client.listener.StringListener
phase3/client/view/explorer/ExplorerPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.explorer.ExplorerPageController
phase3/client/view/messaging/categories/CategoriesOverviewController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.categories.CategoriesOverviewController
phase3/client/view/MainApp.java
 phase3.client.view.MainApp
phase3/client/view/timeline/TimelineTweetController.java
 phase3.client.view.timeline.TimelineTweetController
phase3/client/view/messaging/saved/SMessageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.saved.SMessageController
phase3/client/view/explorer/search/ProfileStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.explorer.search.ProfileStringListener
phase3/client/view/timeline/TimelinePageController.java
 phase3.client.view.timeline.TimelinePageController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/editProfile/EditProfileFormListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.editProfile.EditProfileFormListener
phase3/client/view/personalPage/tweet/TweetController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.tweet.TweetController
phase3/client/view/messaging/saved/SavedMessageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.saved.SavedMessageController
phase3/client/view/messaging/MessagingPageStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.MessagingPageStringListener
phase3/client/view/setting/privacy/PrivacyPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.setting.privacy.PrivacyPageController
phase3/client/view/setting/SettingPageStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.setting.SettingPageStringListener
phase3/client/listener/FormListener.java
 phase3.client.listener.FormListener
phase3/client/config/CategoryStates.java
 phase3.client.config.CategoryStates
phase3/client/view/messaging/pv/ContactController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.pv.ContactController
phase3/client/view/explorer/ExplorerStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.explorer.ExplorerStringListener
phase3/client/view/personalPage/lists/ListsController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.lists.ListsController
phase3/client/view/messaging/pv/ChatPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.pv.ChatPageController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/showTweets/ShowTweetController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.showTweets.ShowTweetController
phase3/client/controller/EventSender.java
 phase3.client.controller.EventSender
phase3/client/view/messaging/categories/CategoryItemController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.categories.CategoryItemController
phase3/client/view/authentication/StartStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.StartStringListener
phase3/client/view/authentication/signUp/SignUpController.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.signUp.SignUpController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/PersonalPageStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.PersonalPageStringListener
phase3/client/view/authentication/StartController.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.StartController
phase3/client/config/AppImagesPathsConfig.java
 phase3.client.config.AppImagesPathsConfig
phase3/client/config/PathsConfig.java
 phase3.client.config.PathsConfig
phase3/client/controller/MainController.java
 phase3.client.controller.MainController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/PersonalPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.PersonalPageController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/notifications/RequestController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.notifications.RequestController
phase3/client/view/authentication/login/LoginController.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.login.LoginController
phase3/client/view/MainPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.MainPageController
phase3/client/model/NewEvent.java
 phase3.client.model.NewEvent
phase3/client/view/messaging/groups/GroupOverviewController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.groups.GroupOverviewController
phase3/client/view/authentication/BackToStartListener.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.BackToStartListener
phase3/client/view/personalPage/lists/ListsProfileController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.lists.ListsProfileController
phase3/client/view/authentication/signUp/SignUpFormListener.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.signUp.SignUpFormListener
phase3/client/view/messaging/pv/MessageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.pv.MessageController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/editProfile/EditProfilePageController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.editProfile.EditProfilePageController
phase3/client/view/messaging/categories/CategoryListener.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.categories.CategoryListener
phase3/client/config/explorer/ProfileConfig.java
 phase3.client.config.explorer.ProfileConfig
phase3/client/view/personalPage/notifications/NotificationsPageStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.notifications.NotificationsPageStringListener
phase3/client/view/personalPage/showTweets/ShowTweetStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.showTweets.ShowTweetStringListener
phase3/client/config/tweet/ShowTweetConfig.java
 phase3.client.config.tweet.ShowTweetConfig
phase3/client/view/setting/SettingPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.setting.SettingPageController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/profileInfo/ProfileInfoController.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.profileInfo.ProfileInfoController
phase3/client/view/personalPage/notifications/NotificationsPage.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.notifications.NotificationsPage
phase3/client/view/personalPage/tweet/TweetStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.tweet.TweetStringListener
phase3/client/view/explorer/explore/ExploreTweetController.java
 phase3.client.view.explorer.explore.ExploreTweetController
phase3/client/controller/network/SocketEventSender.java
 phase3.client.controller.network.SocketEventSender
phase3/client/view/MainPageListener.java
 phase3.client.view.MainPageListener
phase3/client/view/messaging/MessagingPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.MessagingPageController
phase3/client/view/setting/privacy/PrivacyPageFormListener.java
 phase3.client.view.setting.privacy.PrivacyPageFormListener
phase3/client/view/LoadFXML.java
 phase3.client.view.LoadFXML
phase3/client/controller/EventListener.java
 phase3.client.controller.EventListener
phase3/client/view/authentication/login/LoginFormListener.java
 phase3.client.view.authentication.login.LoginFormListener
phase3/client/view/personalPage/notifications/RequestStringListener.java
 phase3.client.view.personalPage.notifications.RequestStringListener
phase3/client/view/explorer/search/ProfileController.java
 phase3.client.view.explorer.search.ProfileController
phase3/client/view/messaging/groups/GroupOverviewListener.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.groups.GroupOverviewListener
phase3/client/view/messaging/groups/GroupItemController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.groups.GroupItemController
phase3/client/view/messaging/groups/GroupPageController.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.groups.GroupPageController
phase3/client/view/messaging/groups/GroupMessage.java
 phase3.client.view.messaging.groups.GroupMessage
